They were fine, and I was in my son. They were making the painting, and
I wanted to draw, even if I was drawing on a stone, even if
I was drawing on the street. I insisted that I
come directly after the invasion. I mean, after
my house was bombed, a few days later, they left the camp and
I started drawing. This means hiding. I mean, how are
the children sitting and hiding behind the walls?  Whoever
comes out of the window, a bullet may come in his eye, it
may come in his head. I was inspired by the
existing bullet, so I wanted this to be the painting that
expresses the political reality that we live in. I can
sometimes
be so arrogant that I have lost hope
in the world in its entirety at a time when it continues to be filled with
crimes.  It recognizes a country like Spain, like
Ireland, like the Romans, this means an important country in the
European community, and I hope that all the countries of
the world and European countries, including Britain,
which immediately gave one to the Israelis because the
Zionist presence was present, recognize it, and that, as I
think, it is currently studying the possibility of a
two-state solution, I mean, it is a risk.  Palestine is a pain. This is a
historical Palestine, from a river to the sea. First of all,
I draw a map of Palestine, and I have hope when I
draw it that we will return to our country, and I, as a young man,
will not accept any solutions except returning
to my country.